<h1>Taskify 📝</h1>

<p>A simple and easy-to-use to-do list web application that allows users to easily manage tasks, stay organized, and boost productivity! Taskify gives users the ability to seamlessly add, complete, and remove tasks with just a few clicks. Users can stay organized by seeing tasks that have been completed in past tasks. Taskify goes beyond mere task tracking, it also gives users the ability to sort tasks by level of importance and view important tasks at the top and less important tasks at the bottom so users can effectively prioritize their tasks and stay focused on what matters most. Taskify also includes a feature to promote work-life balance. When users have completed all tasks for the day, users can treat themselves to a well-deserved break! Taskify's integrated random activity generator, powered by the bored API, suggests enjoyable activities for you to explore and unwind, ensuring you find moments of joy and relaxation amidst your busy schedule</p>

<p>Taskify leverages the power of React for its seamless user interface, to render different components, and for efficient state management. The user interface is styled using React Icons and CSS. Taskify also leverages CSS media queries to allow users to track their tasks on the go on their mobile devices. To ensure tasks are never lost local storage was used to store users current tasks and past tasks. The bored API was used for the random activity generator feature at the bottom of the web app to encourage users to take some time for joy and leisure after doing work.</p>
